Rework `ROOT_DIR` to `CACHE_ROOT` and `STATE_ROOT`. Closes #76 (#77)
filecoin-station/core: README.md

The following configuration options are shared by all Station commands:

> - `$CACHE_ROOT`_(string; optional)_: Station stores logs and module state in
>   this directory. Defaults to

Reviewer: I think you have accidentally swapped the descriptions.

```suggestion
- `$CACHE_ROOT`_(string; optional)_: Station stores module caches in this
  directory. Defaults to
```

I would phrase this slightly differently:

_Station stores temporary files (e.g. cached data) in this directory. Defaults to_

  - Linux: `${XDG_STATE_HOME:-~/.local/cache}/filecoin-station-core`
  - macOS: `~/Library/Caches/app.filstation.core`
  - Windows: `%LOCALAPPDATA%/Filecoin Station Core/Cache`

> - `$STATE_ROOT`_(string; optional)_: Station stores module caches in this
>   directory. Defaults to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$STATE_ROOT`_(string; optional)_: Station stores logs and module state in
  this directory. Defaults to
```
